I am a Systems Engineer student at Pontificia Universidad Javeriana, currently in 9th semester.
I have skills in software development, system design and analysis, data, science, data analytics and visualization,
and Geographic Information Systems.

I have experience in cross-platform software development with Java, Spring, Angular, Ionic, Pyhton.
Also skills with data Integration tools like Pentaho Data Integration and RapidMiner and data science
software environments like RStudio, MatLab and 
ArcGIS.

I like to keep myself updated in the discipline by continuously learning new things, exploring new 
technologies and applying what i know. I am interested in the topics related with software development
and design as well as data science and artificial intelligence.



Development of a bot for automatic cryptocurrency trading. I am in charge of designing and
coding of the second
version of the system, which aims to refactor "spaghetti" code in an ordered and structured
way to improve performance, modifiability and maintenance.
The system is built in Python, using TensorFlow and deployed in GCP with Flask.

Working with Consultorio Contable Javeriano, with the development, requirements engineering
process with end-users of the system and initial architectural design of the new
web version of the Operative Accounting Software SOFI+.

Academic tutor of the subjects Introduction to Systems Engineering and Software
Engineering. Helping students in the making of projects of software development with emphasis on
architectural design, software development methodologies and implementation.

Working on delivery of food for the start-up En la U. Carrying food orders in different restaurants
near by university areas and participating in brand positioning events.


Software developer and designer of the app KeepUUp to handle life in college,
which was proposed as project for the Software Engineering subject. 
The app was developed with Ionic and Firebase.

Member of the principal's committee of Gimnasio Campestre San Francisco de Sales. Creating
projects to encourage a great social environment at the school and improvement of
academical performance.



Systems Engineer student at Pontificia Universidad Javeriana, currently in 9th semester,
recipient of the scholarship Talento TI given by TIC Ministry. With emphasis on
Software development and Managent Information Systems. With courses taken on the first 
semester of the Analytics for Business intelligence Masters Degree.


    Course Artificial Intelligence: Deep Learning, in Pontificia Universidad
    Javeriana, about the design, implementation and application of neural networks.
